Update 03-es-module-syntax.md (#4673)
rollup/rollup: docs/03-es-module-syntax.md

Imported values cannot be reassigned, though imported objects and arrays _can_ be mutated (and the exporting module, and any other importers, will be affected by the mutation). In that way, they behave similarly to `const` declarations.

#### import.meta usage

> import.meta.url holds a reference to the currentl imported script and is often used to get the current url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`import.meta.url` holds a reference to the currently imported script and is often used to get the current url.
```

```js

> // Assign importMetaUrl as it is only accessable on first instantiation cycle of the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Assign import.meta.url as it is only accessible on first instantiation cycle of the module
```

const currentUrl = import.meta.url;

const willFailCanNotAccessImportMetaUrl = async () => console.log(import.meta.url);

> const getUrl = async () => console.log(currentUrl);

Reviewer: I am sorry but I do not understand this example at all. Why would accosting `import.meta.url` work in line 17 but not line 19? Why are the functions `async` if they do not do anything async? If `import.meta.url` is not supported, then the entire script will fail much earlier with a SyntaxError.

Author: @lukastaegert because in runtimes it is not there anymore after the first loop of the engine if you do not assign it directly on the first iteration. I do not even exactly know why that is the case but it is 100% the case at last in v8 and graaljs. It does only exist on instantiation and not at runtime after that.

Author: ok behavior changed over time with current node i could not do a minimal reproducer so it is ok i guess to close this.
